After attending the School for Kingdom
Evangelizers, I received an assignment
in another part of the country.
It is an area where it is costly to live,
and the living expenses are high.
I was worried about how it would turn out
and if I could manage.
Not too long thereafter,
I found a small room I could rent.
The housing conditions
were not ideal, but it was OK.
I also received a small cleaning job,
but it was not quite enough
for me to make ends meet.
I had to travel a long distance to get to work.
I was tired constantly,
so it was difficult
to keep my focus on the ministry.
I had some savings when I moved,
but it started to shrink.
My funds slowly dwindled.
By coincidence, I saw a job advertisement.
I handed in an application,
and one and a half hours later,
they called me in for an interview.
They felt bad because they could only offer me
a part-time position.
To compensate, they offered me a higher salary,
which I didn’t object to.
At the same time that I found a job,
a couple came to me in the Kingdom Hall
and said that they had found
an apartment for me.
So in a city where it is very difficult
to find a place to live,
I suddenly had a small and cozy apartment.
Now everything has come together.
This means that I can focus on my ministry
and the congregation.
Jehovah knows just what we need.
And when we test him out,
he will bless our efforts.
I really feel safe leaving my life in his hands.